What kind of person are you?!
How could you want
to keep this a secret?!
Keep your voice down!
Think about the neighbors!
The neighbors?! I don't care
about the freaking neighbors!
I cannot talk to you
when you're like this!
You're out of your mind!
You're a coward!
I'm gonna tell everyone!
It happened! What do you want me
to do about it now?!
Ethan, what are you doing?
I told you to go to bed
an hour ago.
Mama, look.
What are you gonna do?! Huh?!
I'm gonna tell everyone!
I'm gonna tell everyone...
Give me those keys!
You can't drive right now!
Stop it!
Opal!
Get out here!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Dahlia!
Wait!
What are you doing?
Haven't you heard?
Confession
is good for the soul.
You've had too much to drink.
Let's talk about this back home.
No more talking!
They need to know
what happened.
If you say anything,
Nick could go to jail...
Who cares?
I can't sleep.
I can't eat.
Why doesn't anyone understand
what this has done to me?
It's been hard for all of us,
Dahlia. Listen...
Don't touch me!
He's only trying to help,
Dahlia.
The only way that you can help
is to let me end this.
I will not let you do that.
Do you understand me?
Let me go! Stop!
You are hurting her!
I knew she was struggling
with mental illness, but...
I had no idea
my wife was suicidal.
We were begging her
to come home, and she...
Jumped off the bridge.
Did she say anything
beforehand?
No, nothing...
Nothing that made any sense.
She just... jumped.
What about you, son?
Did you see what happened?
She jumped.
What is that?
I'm going to propose tonight.
You barely know this woman.
I know that I love her.
I'm moving on with my life.
You should be happy for me.
Well, when you put it
like that...
You two done?
She's here.
Show her in.
Will she still love you
when she finds out what you did?
She better not.
Hey, there.
Hello, my darling.
- sync and corrections by Zac -
- addic7ed.com -
Rosie Falta,
when you entered this country,
you were not processed
by an immigration officer.
You are thereby removable
from the United States.
However, I understand
you are seeking asylum.
Yes, your honor.
To go back to Mexico would
put Ms. Falta's life in danger.
She fears retaliation
from the drug cartel
that killed her husband,
Ernesto.
Hey. How's it going?
We're not sure.
They just started.
Yeah.
So, what happened last night?
Oh, nothing.
Nicholas proposed last night.
- That's not real.
- Yes, it is!
So, how rich is this guy?
I'm not sure, but we had
pheasant for dinner.
So, are you gonna have kids,
or would you like
to adopt a 40-year-old woman
from Boyle Heights?
Is someone laughing
in my courtroom?
Ms. Falta, we will hear your
case for asylum in six months.
Until then,
you are released in good faith.
Oh, my God!
Come here!
Thank you all so much...
For finding me this lawyer,
for standing by me.
There's nothing we wouldn't do
for our Rosie.
I have an idea...
Why don't we all have dinner
tonight to celebrate?
Yeah!
Perfect.
Actually, I can't tonight.
There is someone I need to see.
Spence?
I spoke to Braden...
He got us an amazing deal
on this hotel in Paris
right on the Champs-Elysées.
Yeah, about that...
You know, I was thinking...
Paris is so far
for a one-week vacation.
What about Puerto Vallarta?
I guess we could do
the tropical thing.
Yeah.
I'd get massages.
You can work on your tan.
Yeah, you know, maybe one day,
we could take a side trip to...
Guadalajara.
To see Rosie.
Well, it's been three months.
She hasn't returned
any of our calls.
Because she's back
with her friends and family,
speaking Spanish
and drinking margaritas.
I'm sure she doesn't
have time to call us.
I still can't believe
she was deported.
For God's sake, Spence,
why do you keep harping on this?
Because I feel guilty.
Why?
Did you do something
you feel guilty for?
No! I j...
Rosie was taken away from us.
And she's family.
No, Spence.
Rosie was our maid.
You must be Fatima.
It's nice to finally meet you,
Mrs. Powell.
Mr. Powell.
Uh... hello.
How was your trip?
Breathtaking.
Three months in South America,
and we still
didn't want to come home.
Have all of my dinner guests
RSVP?
Everyone will arrive
at 7:00.
Excellent.
Do you mind helping the driver
with the bags?
So, what do you think?
She's... hideous.
She certainly is.
You still don't trust me.
I do.
I see no reason to put chablis
within reach of an alcoholic.
So I'm forced to stare
at that... chunk of sludge
three days a week?
She is here to clean.
It doesn't matter
what she looks like.
Remember?
Forgive me.
Old habits.
The last few months
have been rapturous, Adrian.
Now that we're home,
don't ruin it.
I won't.
Besides,
why would I need chablis...
When I can drink champagne?
That's very sweet.
But we're not
getting rid of her.
You know,
it's a really nice day.
Why don't you go out and spend
some of Phillipe's money?
You mean go shopping?
Zoila, I'm still in mourning.
He's been dead
for three months.
Don't you think you're overdoing
the grieving-widow routine?
My grief is sincere.
The fact that black is slimming
is merely coincidental.
You're depressed.
I get it.
I miss Valentina like crazy.
But at some point,
we have to accept the fact
that life goes on.
When was the last time
you had something to eat?
I had an aspirin for breakfast.
Oh! It's a letter
from Remi!
That's great. We haven't
heard from him in a long time.
How is he?
Does he say anything
about Valentina?
Uh, no. He doesn't.
Well, then,
what's in the letter?
Well, you know,
same old, same old.
The natives are restless,
the lepers are whining.
You know what?
I think I will go shopping.
I thought you were in mourning.
I am.
But I can't be selfish.
The U.S. economy needs me.
That was a good one, right?
- It was.
- You're back.
How was the big premiere?
Oh, Odessa, the red carpet
is my favorite place
I've ever been to.
I met all these celebrities,
and everyone was so gorgeous.
I couldn't believe it.
You know, I was actually wondering
how you were handling that.
I know you're used to being
the prettiest one in the room.
Oh. I was still
the prettiest.
But it was nice to have
competition for a change.
Well...
I finally fixed
the garbage disposal.
You'll never guess how.
By the way, did you see
what those women
were wearing tonight?
We have got to discuss
my clothing allowance.
Oh, God.
Let me get a drink first,
please.
Odessa, will you please
get me a Martini?
Ooh. That sounds good.
I'll have one, too.
I'm serious.
If you want me to hang out
with the rich and famous,
mommy's gonna need
some new clothes.
You know,
for a fake girlfriend,
you sound an awful lot
like a real girlfriend.
Don't be so cheap.
I know what you spend
on underwear.
How do I stop
this conversation?
You hand me your platinum card
and walk away.
Thank you, Odessa.
What about mine?
Odessa.
Alejandro, say something.
Good night.
Hello, Valentina.
So, Evelyn,
I just have to ask...
Where did you get
that exquisite necklace?
Adrian gave it to me while we
were cruising down the Amazon.
I bought it the week before
in Buenos Aires.
- Paid a king's ransom for it.
- It was so romantic.
So, you didn't care for Rio?
No.
The poverty was unimaginable.
Streets filled with beggars,
children running around in tatters.
Every time we looked out
our hotel window,
we were confronted with
the reality of human suffering.
Finally,
we called the concierge
and got a room facing the pool.
So much nicer.
Only Rhonda
would be rude enough
to arrive
after the entrée's been served.
Uh, Fatima, show her in.
But... but...
But try to seem annoyed.
So, I just heard the best gossip
about Nicholas Deering.
You are going to die when
you hear who he's engaged to.
Why?
Is it someone we know?
Excuse me! Miss Evelyn!
Oh!
Aah!
I think they want our jewelry.
Listen to me.
This is Beverly Hills.
You're not gonna
get away with this.
If you leave now,
we won't call the police.
Oh!
Maria?
Who's that at the door?
Hello, Mrs. Peri.
Oh, no!
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Just...
Surprised to see you.
In America.
Maria!
Limpia this... mess-o.
Andale.
Oh, Mrs. Peri, I thought
I'd never see you again.
Me too.
I really...
Really thought
you were deported.
I was in a detention center
for three months.
But I applied for asylum,
and so I got to stay.
Who knew that was an option?
Well, thanks for stopping by.
Is Mr. Spence here?
- I'd like to see him, too.
- Of course you would.
But...
He's working tonight.
Do you know when he'll be back?
Hard to say.
So, I guess
you've met our new maid.
Maria is such a treasure.
You must be very happy here.
Oh, she has the best time.
So, obviously, we don't
have room for you here anymore,
but if you need a reference...
Unless you're leaving town?
No. I will be
staying in L.A.
Fantastic.
You... you won't forget
to tell Mr. Spence I stopped by?
How could I?
Okay.
How did you find me?
Remi wrote
to tell me you'd come home.
He said you'd fought.
He was working at the clinic
12 hours a day.
Still, I didn't complain, 'cause
I was trying to support him,
but then he said he wanted to
stay in Africa for another year.
And I said,
"what about my career?"
And then he said,
"fashion isn't important
compared to saving lives."
That's silly.
What's the point of living
if there's nothing nice to wear?
Anyway,
that's when we broke up.
Why didn't you tell your mother
you were home?
Didn't you know
she convinced Remi
to go to the Congo without me?
She feels terrible about that.
Well, I'm not ready
to forgive her.
You're gonna have to
face her eventually
because I'm not letting you stay
in this dump one more minute.
I can't stay here anyway.
I'm pretty much out of money.
Then, it's settled.
Start packing up your things.
I'm gonna go get my car
from the valet.
Uh, Mrs. Delatour...
This motel
doesn't have a valet.
Oh, dear.
I spoke to my son today.
He's back east in school.
He thinks Nick and I are crazy
for getting engaged
after only three months
and me moving in.
Certainly is surprising.
Well, we have
so much in common.
I don't know if he mentioned it,
but we met at a rare-book shop.
We were both there
searching for
a first-edition Du Maurier.
One thing led to another,
and here we are.
Yes. Here we are.
I brought some fresh towels
for you.
I assume you'll want to shower
and change before dinner.
Why? I just thought
I would wear this.
Oh.
Something wrong?
No.
It's just...
Dahlia always used to dress
for dinner.
Nicholas was so taken
with her sense of style.
Well, I suppose
I could dress up a little.
What the heck?
Very good, Ms. Suarez.
Please...
Call me Marisol.
I want you to think of me
as a friend.
I will certainly try...
Marisol.
The rubies in that necklace
were blood-red.
I don't expect civil servants
to understand
how impressive that is,
but I do expect you
to get them back.
If there's any other details
the two of you can remember...
Mr. Powell?
What?
Oh, uh... no.
I'm sorry. I have to
get this done before sundown.
Adrian is convinced
the gunmen will come back,
so he's decided to change
every lock in our house.
You know how to change locks?
Aah!
No, he does not.
That latch is a bit stubborn,
but I'll take care of it.
It's going to be fine.
Everything is fine.
Last night was
obviously very upsetting.
My husband is feeling
a bit vulnerable.
Of course.
It's a big house.
Is it just the two of you here?
Well, because of what happened,
our maid quit.
Fatima no longer feels safe
in Beverly Hills,
so she's gone back to Lebanon.
Perhaps you should consider
hiring a bodyguard.
I know a guy.
I think I have his card here.
That sounds like a lot of money
just to have someone babysit us.
Up to you,
but it could keep your husband
from freaking out.
Adrian is not
"freaking out."
He's having
a normal emotional reaction
to a devastating experience.
There's somebody outside.
What?
In the backyard.
Do you see him?
He's clearly casing the house.
Mr. Powell,
that's a tree.
I'll take that card now.
Oh, Nick.
"I see when men love women.
They give them
but little of their lives."
"But women, when they love,
give everything."
Mm.
That's Oscar Wilde.
And this is heavy.
Oh, God. Sorry.
Hm.
Hey, I got you something.
Oh.
A signed copy of an
ideal husband, very clever.
We had to celebrate
you moving in.
Like your other gift
wasn't enough.
My other gift?
What do you think?
Where'd you get those?
I found them on my dresser.
What's wrong?
Those are Dahlia's earrings.
Oh, God.
I took Dahlia's things
out of the bureau
to make room
for Marisol's clothes.
I must have dropped them
while I was leaving.
I'm so sorry.
It's my fault, too.
I shouldn't have assumed.
It's fine.
It's over.
Let's just...
Have a lovely evening.
Okay?
What are you doing?
I can't let the paparazzi
see me.
What? Why not?
Because...
I can't smile.
Of course you can.
Do this.
If those people see me,
they will know
I'm not really happy,
and then
they will talk about you.
Great. Now they're
taking pictures of my ass.
Why aren't you happy?
I'm not respected.
Not true.
I respect you plenty.
Now get your butt
out of this car.
If I'm going to pretend
be your girlfriend,
I have to be treated
like your girlfriend.
Meaning?
When I ask for a Martini,
Odessa should make it for me.
Oh, give me a break!
She's been mean to me
for months.
She won't cook for me
or do my laundry.
I haven't said anything
because I am so nice.
Can't you do your own laundry?
That's not the point,
Alejandro.
I am not downstairs anymore.
I am upstairs.
You shouldn't
let her humiliate me.
Well,
what do you want me to do?
Oh, I'll handle it.
I just need to know
you support me.
Fine.
You have my support.
Can you smile now?
I wanted to thank you again
for dinner last night.
Best beef bourguignon
I've had in years.
Just an old family recipe.
I can share it with you,
if you'd like.
Really?
See, I thought
you didn't like me.
Now, why would you say
something like that?
You didn't just leave
those earrings on the dresser.
You wanted me to think
they were a gift
so that I would upset Nicholas.
Don't bother lying.
You'll just... annoy me.
You're right.
I did it on purpose.
I think you know
what my next question will be.
"Why?"
I wanted you to see
how he'd react.
Even now, the slightest reminder
of her devastates him.
Dahlia died 15 years ago.
I think Nicholas is ready
to move on.
You didn't see him with Dahlia.
I know he loved her very much.
He's told me all about her.
Did he mention
that she committed suicide?
He didn't tell you.
They had a terrible fight.
And then she threw herself
off a bridge.
I have
a lot of unpacking to do.
If you'll excuse me...
I don't want to hurt you,
Marisol,
but you need to understand...
Nicholas is not ready
to love again.
And he probably never will be.
Darling?
Is the interview going well?
Have you found a bodyguard yet?
Oh, Evelyn,
you have to meet him.
Tony is everything
we could have asked for.
He worked for the Mossad.
He was also head of security
for this Caribbean dictator.
Everyone was trying to
assassinate the guy... uh-huh.
Because he's so evil,
but Tony kept him alive.
Well, that's a good reference.
I thought so, too.
Now, this can't take long.
I have got to get a maid
in here by Friday.
It'll just take a second.
Tony. I would like
for you to meet my wife.
Evelyn!
- Are you okay?
- Oh!
That step is very...
And with these new shoes...
Well, it doesn't matter.
I'm Evelyn Powell.
And I'm Tony Bishara,
and I look forward to protecting
you and your husband.
And Tony will be living here?
Absolutely.
Whatever makes you happy,
darling.
Peri?
Hey, you!
You're in a good mood.
That's because I have great news
and amazing news.
Okay. I'm all ears.
Well, you're not
gonna believe it, but...
Rosie's back.
From Mexico?
Turns out she wasn't...
Actually deported.
Seriously?
Fun, huh?
So...
Are you ready
for the amazing news?
Y-yeah, I guess. I don't know
how you're gonna top that.
Oh, I can, Spence.
I'm pregnant.
Please...
Turn that off.
I'm begging you.
How was the charity gala?
It was fun.
But I had too much to drink.
Too bad.
You know...
I hear eggs are really good
for a hangover.
And I saw you make Alejandro
an omelet last week
with ham and cheese.
It looked fantastic.
Can you make me one?
Please?
That's it?
Yeah.
Just an omelet.
Odessa!
Are you making me breakfast
or not?
Not.
It isn't my fault
Alejandro picked me
to be his girlfriend.
What?!
And it's silly
to be jealous of me
just because I'm going to some
fancy parties and premieres.
Y-you think I'm jealous?
Pretending we're a couple
has been hard on me, too.
So please...
I need your support,
even if it's just
making me a stupid omelet.
Come on.
You have to do this.
Or Alejandro will fire you.
I'll save him the trouble.
I quit!
Hey. You must be
Zoila's daughter.
Yeah.
You the new pool boy?
Uh, pool man.
I'm Ethan.
So... you still dating
Richie Mctrust fund?
His name is Remi.
And we broke up.
Oh. Bummer.
Yeah, it is.
Valentina!
Your mother's here.
Guess I'll see you around.
I know you're angry with me...
But can I at least have a hug?
Obviously, what I did was wrong.
And from the bottom of my heart,
I am so sorry.
Thank you.
So...
Anything you
want to say to me?
Like what?
I thought you might want
to apologize, too.
You left to Africa
without telling me.
You came back
I've been worried sick.
Mami! If you hadn't done
what you did...
You're right.
Let's call it even.
Go get your stuff.
I'm gonna take you home.
I'm not coming back home.
Where do you plan on staying?
Here. Mrs. Delatour
said I could.
She can't go back
to that awful motel.
It's in east L.A., which is
a horrible neighborhood.
- I live in east L.A.!
- So you know.
You really think I'm gonna
let you sponge off my employer
when you have a nice home
to go to?
I'm not scared of you anymore,
and that means
you can't tell me what to do.
You're absolutely right.
I can't tell you what to do.
Finally.
But I can tell you what to do.
Huh?
Tell my daughter
there's no longer
any room in your mansion.
You don't have to
listen to her.
Oh, sweetie, you may not be
afraid of your mother, but I am.
Fine!
I can take care of myself!
Now where are you going?!
To live my life!
Which is no longer
any of your business.
She quit?!
What did you say to her?!
I barely said anything.
And she started
acting all crazy.
I think
she's been drinking again.
Ohh, this is not good, Carmen.
Don't be such a drama queen.
We can hire somebody else.
Are you insane?!
We sleep in different rooms!
We lead separate lives!
How long do you think
it will take someone
to figure out
this is a fake relationship?
But if we don't hire a maid,
who's gonna clean up
around here?
No, no, no, no, no!
I'm upstairs now!
I'm gonna be your wife!
Lots of wives clean.
In Beverly Hills?
What's the big deal?
You used to be the maid.
And I sucked.
Well, you should've thought of
that before you pissed off Odessa.
Aah!
The gunmen!
- What about them?
- They're here. I saw them.
No.
You just had a bad dream.
Are you sure?
I told you this would happen
if you mixed Ethiopian food
with Percocet.
I heard someone scream.
Mr. Powell
had a nightmare.
- Are you okay?
- He's fine.
Darling, I'm gonna
go down to the kitchen
and fix you some warm milk.
Will you be all right
until I get back?
Oh, for God's sake,
just say yes.
Yes.
You shouldn't worry
about Mr. Powell.
He'll be fine.
It'll just take a while.
That is why I do worry.
My husband
is greedy and conniving
and lecherous and profane,
and he is also the most fascinating
man I have ever known.
That's why
I've been able to love him
through
the most trying of times.
But this robbery has revealed
a new side to Adrian,
and it frightens me,
because there's one thing
that I cannot tolerate...
And that is weakness.
I know this is
a difficult time for you.
That's why I'm here.
So if there is anything
I can do to help you...
Just try to wear a shirt.
I know Dahlia killed herself.
Why didn't you tell me?
W... you know,
it's not something...
I like to talk about.
But...
We're going to be married.
Yeah,
and... and I was...
I was gonna tell you,
like, when...
When what? When... when there
was a lull in the conversation?
I never told you
'cause I was worried
I'd scare you off.
My wife killed herself.
Some people hear that, they...
They assume I'm to blame.
They wonder if I did
everything I could to help her.
Sometimes I wonder
if maybe they're right.
You know what? We don't have to
keep talking about this.
I'm good...
As long as you promise me...
No more secrets.
I promise.
So, um...
How'd you hear about Dahlia?
Opal told me.
And I'm glad she did.
I think it was good
for us to talk about this.
Yeah.
We must find a way
to thank her.
I can take all of this
and give you 40 grand for it.
But this, I can't take.
It's too valuable...
Too hot to handle.
That's fine.
We have enough
for what we need to do.
Thanks, man.
Hey.
This is for you, ma'am.
Wear it well.
Mijo! De verdad!
You can't just
throw your toys down!
- You've got to...
- Hey. I got you something, buddy.
- What is that?
- A peace offering.
Come on.
I want you to stay.
Why?
So I can make you omelets
and wash your clothes?
Damn it, Odessa! I don't
understand why you're so angry!
What is going on with you?
Oh, finally! You ask.
Every night, you come home
from your fancy parties
and tell me all about the stars
you met and what they wore.
And that upsets you?
No!
I'm happy for
what has happened to you.
But when you're done telling me
about your fancy new life,
you go back to your room.
You don't think to ask
how my day was.
That's not true.
Is it?
Alejandro can treat me
like the help.
I don't care.
But you...
I thought I mattered to you.
Of course you do.
Odessa.
I am so sorry.
Okay, okay.
Maybe I will stay.
Thank you.
I bought you vodka.
How about
I make us some Martinis
and you can tell me
all about your day?
It was the same
as every other day.
We're low on detergent.
Don't be stupid.
And, yeah, that whole time,
Peri and I thought
you were back in Mexico.
When you didn't come see me,
I wasn't sure
if maybe it was... you
who reported me.
Rosie.
You were so angry with me
when I wouldn't marry you.
I was devastated.
I wasn't angry.
Could it have been
Mrs. Peri?
No. She doesn't know
anything about us.
- So... You two are still married?
- You have to understand...
I thought
you were never coming back.
It's okay.
I understand.
But the thing
Mm-hmm?
Peri is gonna have a baby.
No. No.
This is a complication.
We can still find a way
to be together.
All those months in detention,
I thought about you.
I asked God if it was okay
to break his laws
and be with you.
He has finally answered me,
and...
This time, I must listen.
Can we talk about this?
Please! I love you so much!
I love you.
So much more
than I should have.
I'm glad
we could fit you in today.
What's the emergency?
I need to get pregnant...
Now.
Hey.
I-I just talked
to my mom.
She told me
what happened with Zoila.
If you hadn't told anyone
I was back...
I know. I know.
I'm sorry, but...
I was just worried about you.
Look, I can't talk.
I got a job interview.
I-I-I know we fought a lot
those last couple of weeks,
but... but that doesn't mean
that we ha...
Yeah. It does.
I'm sorry.
Now I really have to go.
Hi, there. I understand
you're looking for a maid?
Oh.
Well, you sounded
less attractive on the phone.
Well, come on in.
Hey.
Marisol offered to help me
with my English homework later.
Did she?
Yeah.
She's very nice.
Well, don't get
too attached to her.
She's not gonna be here
much longer.
- sync and corrections by Zac -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org